Oh
ow
stepped on the box barbarian suited in
deeper pizza
wood and white in front and who's it for
all but maybe the opening to the middle
of the fair please in and then delete
John twine even back in the net who's
been telling us all
patterson lon shot filter stop by Susan
L rebounded
ok
pascal to the line protect his prostate
when they stop rebound input chip that
one just look Cameron will move up the
lawn to the line normally this black
widow mary says I'm Christina even to
the right Furcal leaves it down there
for port the lines to learn rich god
stop by 20 a good read on his knees
period to nothing Wildcat lead wall
can't pier at pastiche until you fully
you got it down into the corner don't
chafe it himself behind the net athan
bullion to the right wing corner with it
only you lose all the way back court for
galya galya
hi
go get off the loan weak diluting I'm
leave in an agenda rip out on
your son Scott Brannon he's got a man
with him Brandon backe
back of the line then I hit the state of
dirt lanolin watch Julia special
and now more am Roberto he's up on the
right wing Lewbert Owen across the line
finds the trailer grupo corpo with room
that shot deflected in front numero is
tied up to the blue lining in a frame
with the room they pray drops it off
Hoffman that collectin sawdust on crease
another chance at block into clean is
your face can't get the shot to go
pressure by the Sea Dogs here under 40
seconds west on the power play hoffman
going light left brought the packer
right your coach got it stops in a house
to beardo the Vark from a point that was
hit just right of the left plate is
going on that one off the iron oh what a
chance / Gabriel walk there Dahlia from
federal is up at Indy for the milk in
zone three FL came out the floor around
forest
so what's it past a play he's got 58
even a little darkened alone he got tied
up song about kick by month on it
Henderson turning into the high spots
FDA with a backhand pass and Bork was
tied up he couldn't reach that now
pedersson on the right wing boards in
her son Daniel Patterson swings it by
the net for tessier fda leaves it for
gabriel Bourque or banks it up the last
night on the line Jordan Wescott five
thousand oaks and Al galia will flip it
in front of his own bench for Jonathan
Huberdeau by Stephanie Kelsey Tessier
moved it in front of the Munchkin bench
both teams starting James five of the
Quebec final cambrian across one
Riopelle got it come on it didn't
traffic solely to Center I brought the
red line now in across the blue
picked it up he's in a cross the line
and a stick put into his Lane bikes the
word and they got knocked down by
McCausland is given boolean stepped in
line is that with six fifteen 8041
functionally he don primario displays it
behind the net again holy will turn pass
up the left side interception for perio
of the feet in front mikasa to control
implies Johnson deep in the left corner
sharp angle shot it into the glove
vickrey ocala now Embree comes in and
got a piece of real fell going by and
we're going to get some penalty here I
think Dina John Hoffman and everything
along
the game
the neck